Your Highness cannot
Aguda deliberately dresses arrogantly
Just to trick you into entering the game
Aguda is the first master of the army
3-Year-old can memorize poetry
5-Year-old proficient in arithmetic
At the age of 15, he made plans to fight with the King of Gold
It doesn't matter
I am also a Chema in Daxia
Also for honesty at the border
Worth a bet
This fool prince actually dares to fight with Daijin Guoshi
Sure enough, Aguda was right
youthful
Seat posture
Any hit and it's hooked immediately
Wait until he loses
It will be in the anger of the people all over the country
Rolled down in disgrace
Okay, that's the first question
Will the prince go first or will I come first?
Why not let you go first?
Stupid, it's not easy to recalculate
Sure enough, God Bless Dajin
Arrange a pig-like person to be the hero prince
This thing is my gold
and
Ten Thousand Wise Men Euclidean Mechanics Made in Decades
No Unlock
If His Royal Highness the Crown Prince can unlock it within one day
Even if you win
A study stopped a decade ago
He actually asked His Highness the Crown Prince to untie it for a day
Isn't that difficult?
I'm afraid you can't solve it yourself
I really can't solve it
So what?
I don't need to solve the intellectual battle myself
This is what your Crown Prince promised himself
It's just a simple Luban lock.
It's a pity, Aguda
I stand on the shoulders of the ancients and history
Hanging you is like playing with you
Why do you need to be one when you untie him with this thing?